TD 
Machine Learning Engineer 
Job Position 
Machine Learning Engineer at TD 
About the job 
Work Location: Toronto, Ontario, Canada 
Hours: 37.5 
Line Of Business: Analytics, Insights, & Artificial Intelligence 
Pay Details: $120,000 - $250,000 CAD 
The pay details posted reflect a temporary market premium specific to this role that is 
reassessed annually. 
TD is committed to providing fair and equitable compensation opportunities to all 
colleagues. Growth opportunities and skill development are defining features of the 
colleague experience at TD. Our compensation policies and practices have been designed 
to allow colleagues to progress through the salary range over time as they progress in their 
role. The base pay actually offered may vary based upon the candidate's skills and 
experience, job-related knowledge, geographic location, and other specific business and 
organizational needs. 
As a candidate, you are encouraged to ask compensation related questions and have an 
open dialogue with your recruiter who can provide you more specific details for this role. 
Job Description 
We are currently seeking talented individuals for a variety of positions, ranging from 
junior to senior levels, and will evaluate your application in its entirety. 
Layer 6 is the AI center of excellence for TD Bank Group. We develop and deploy industry
leading machine learning systems that impact the lives of over 27 million customers, 
helping more people achieve their financial goals and needs. 
Our work spans the field of machine learning with areas such as deep learning and 
generative AI, time series forecasting and responsible use of AI. We have access to massive 
f
inancial datasets and actively collaborate with world renowned academic faculty. We are 
driven to be at the cutting edge of machine learning in research, engineering, and impactful 
applications. 
We are looking for world-class engineers to tackle cutting-edge problems in Machine 
Learning applied to the real world. Work with large-scale, real-world datasets spanning 
multiple modalities, ranging from banking transactions, conversation transcripts to large 
document collections. 
As a Machine Learning Engineer, You Will 
• Join a world-class team of AI developers with an extensive track record of shipping 
solutions at the cutting-edge 
• Architect scalable machine learning and Gen AI systems that integrate with existing 
data platform and infrastructure, focusing on automation, operation efficiency, and 
reliability 
• Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code for ML models to ensure efficient 
deployment of scalable AI application 
• Work with large-scale, real-world datasets that range from banking transactions, 
conversation histories, to large document collections 
• Grow by continuously learning new skills and exploring advanced topics in AI with a 
team that thrives on knowledge-sharing 
Required Qualifications 
• Master or bachelor's degree in computer science, Statistics, Mathematics, 
Engineering or a related field 
• 3+ years of developer experience shipping code in production settings 
• Strong background in machine learning and deep learning 
• Strong coding proficiency in Python, Java, C, or C++ 
• You value good software design and sweat over details in code and API design 
• You take great personal pride in building robust and scalable software 
• You are highly accountable and have a strong sense of ownership 
• You strive to communicate clearly and with empathy 
Preferred Qualifications 
• Research experience with publication record 
• Experience with LangGraph, Pytorch, Tensorflow, Jax, or comparable library 
• Experience with building and scaling data-intensive software 
• Experience using GPUs for accelerated deep learning training 
Who We Are 
TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in 
North America by branches/stores. Every day, we deliver legendary customer experiences 
to over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the 
world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to the Bank, 
those we serve, and the economies we support. We are guided by our vision to Be the 
Better Bank and our purpose to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and 
colleagues. 
TD is deeply committed to being a leader in customer experience, that is why we believe 
that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are customer facing. As we build our 
business and deliver on our strategy, we are innovating to enhance the customer 
experience and build capabilities to shape the future of banking. Whether you’ve got years 
of banking experience or are just starting your career in financial services, we can help you 
realize your potential. Through regular leadership and development conversations to 
mentorship and training programs, we’re here to support you towards your goals. As an 
organization, we keep growing – and so will you. 
Our Total Rewards Package 
Our Total Rewards package reflects the investments we make in our colleagues to help 
them and their families achieve their financial, physical, and mental well-being goals. Total 
Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans 
such as health and well-being benefits, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, 
banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition 
programs. Learn more 
Additional Information 
We’re delighted that you’re considering building a career with TD. Through regular 
development conversations, training programs, and a competitive benefits plan, we’re 
committed to providing the support our colleagues need to thrive both at work and at 
home. 
Please be advised that this job opportunity is subject to provincial regulation for 
employment purposes. It is imperative to acknowledge that each province or territory 
within the jurisdiction of Canada may have its own set of regulations, requirements. 
Colleague Development  
If you’re interested in a specific career path or are looking to build certain skills, we want to 
help you succeed. You’ll have regular career, development, and performance 
conversations with your manager, as well as access to an online learning platform and a 
variety of mentoring programs to help you unlock future opportunities. Whether you have a 
passion for helping customers and want to expand your experience, or you want to coach 
and inspire your colleagues, there are many different career paths within our organization 
at TD – and we’re committed to helping you identify opportunities that support your goals. 
Training & Onboarding 
We will provide training and onboarding sessions to ensure that you’ve got everything you 
need to succeed in your new role. 
Interview Process  
We’ll reach out to candidates of interest to schedule an interview. We do our best to 
communicate outcomes to all applicants by email or phone call. 
Accommodation  
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations 
(including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us 
remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process. 
We look forward to hearing from you! 
Language Requirement (Quebec Only) 
Sans Objet 